State of Delaware
Secretary of State

Division of Corporations e
Delivered 07:58 AM 08/02/2017 REDFIN CORPORATION

FILED 07:58 AM 08/02/2017
SR 20175527991 FileNumber 3929727

RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

Redfin Corporation, a Delaware corporation, hereby certifies as follows.

1. The name of the corporation is Redfin Corporation. The date of filing its original
Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of State was February 22, 2005 under the name
Appliance Computing Inc.

2. The Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the corporation attached hereto as
Exhibit "A", which is incorporated herein by this reference, and which restates, integrates and
further amends the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation of this corporation as previously
amended or supplemented, has been duly adopted by the Board of Directors and by the
stockholders in accordance with Sections 242 and 245 of the Delaware General Corporation
Law, with the approval of the corporation’s stockholders having been given by written consent
without a meeting in accordance with Section 228 of the Delaware General Corporation Law.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this corporation has caused this Restated Certificate of
Incorporation to be signed by its duly authorized officer and the foregoing facts stated herein are
true and correct.

Dated: August 2, 2017 REDFIN CORPORATION

By: /s/ Glenn Kelman
Name: Glenn Kelman

Title: Chief Executive Officer

REDFIN CORPORATION

RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

ARTICLE I: NAME
The name of the corporation is Redfin Corporation (the “Corporation”).
ARTICLE II: AGENT FOR SERVICE OF PROCESS

The address of the Corporation’s registered office in the State of Delaware is 160
Greentree Drive, Suite 101, Dover, County of Kent, Delaware 19904. The name of the registered
agent of the Corporation at that address is National Registered Agents, Inc.

ARTICLE III: PURPOSE

The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which
corporations may be organized under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware.

ARTICLE IV: AUTHORIZED STOCK

1. Total Authorized. The total number of shares of all classes of stock that the
Corporation has authority to issue is Five Hundred Ten Million (510,000,000) shares, consisting
of two classes: Five Hundred Million (500,000,000) shares of Common Stock, $0.001 par value
per share (“Common Stock”), and Ten Million (10,000,000) shares of Preferred Stock, $0.001
par value per share (“Preferred Stock’).

2. Designation of Additional Series.

2.1. The Board of Directors of the Corporation (the “Board’) is authorized,
subject to any limitations prescribed by the law of the State of Delaware, to provide for the
issuance of the shares of Preferred Stock in one or more series, and, by filing a Certificate of
Designation pursuant to the applicable law of the State of Delaware, to establish from time to
time the number of shares to be included in each such series, to fix the designation, vesting,
powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other rights, if any, of the shares of
each such series and any qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, and to increase (but not
above the total number of authorized shares of the class) or decrease (but not below the number
of shares of such series then outstanding) the number of shares of any such series. The number
of authorized shares of Preferred Stock may also be increased or decreased (but not below the
number of shares thereof then outstanding) by the affirmative vote of the holders of two-thirds of
the voting power of all of the then-outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation entitled
to vote thereon, without a vote of the holders of the Preferred Stock, unless a vote of any other

holders is required pursuant to the terms of any certificate or certificates establishing a series of
Preferred Stock; provided, however, that if two-thirds of the Whole Board, as defined below, has
approved such increase or decrease of the number of authorized shares of Preferred Stock, then
only the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of all of the then-
outstanding shares of the capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election
of directors, voting together as a single class, without a vote of the holders of the Preferred Class
(unless a vote of any other holders is required pursuant to the terms of any certificate or
certificates establishing a series of Preferred Stock) shall be required to effect such increase or
decrease. For purposes of this Restated Certificate of Incorporation, the term “Whole Board”
shall mean the total number of authorized directors whether or not there exist any vacancies in
previously authorized directorships.

2.2 Except as otherwise expressly provided in any Certificate of Designation
designating any series of Preferred Stock pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Article IV,
any new series of Preferred Stock may be designated, fixed and determined as provided herein by
the Board without approval of the holders of Common Stock or the holders of Preferred Stock, or
any series thereof, and any such new series may have powers, preferences and rights, including,
without limitation, voting rights, dividend rights, liquidation rights, redemption rights and
conversion rights, senior to, junior to or pari passu with the rights of the Common Stock, the
Preferred Stock or any future class or series of Preferred Stock or Common Stock.

2.3. Each outstanding share of Common Stock shall entitle the holder thereof
to one vote on each matter properly submitted to the stockholders of the Corporation for their
vote; provided, however, that, except as otherwise required by law, holders of Common Stock
shall not be entitled to vote on any amendment to this Restated Certificate of Incorporation
(including any Certificate of Designation relating to any series of Preferred Stock) that relates
solely to the terms of one or more outstanding series of Preferred Stock if the holders of such
affected series are entitled, either separately or together as a class with the holders of one or more
other such series, to vote thereon pursuant to this Restated Certificate of Incorporation (including
any Certificate of Designation relating to any series of Preferred Stock).

ARTICLE V: AMENDMENT OF BYLAWS

The Board shall have the power to adopt, amend or repeal the Bylaws of the Corporation.
Any adoption, amendment or repeal of the Bylaws of the Corporation by the Board shall require
the approval of a majority of the Whole Board. The stockholders shall also have power to adopt,
amend or repeal the Bylaws of the Corporation; provided, however, that in addition to any vote of
the holders of any class or series of stock of the Corporation required by law or by this Restated
Certificate of Incorporation (including any Preferred Stock issued pursuant to a Certificate of
Designation), the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the voting power of all
of the then-outstanding shares of the capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in
the election of directors, voting together as a single class, shall be required to adopt, amend or
repeal any provision of the Bylaws; provided further, that if two-thirds of the Whole Board has
approved such adoption, amendment or repeal of any provisions of the Bylaws, then only the
affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of all of the then-outstanding
shares of the capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of

directors, voting together as a single class, shall be required to adopt, amend or repeal any
provision of the Bylaws.

ARTICLE VI: MATTERS RELATING TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

1. Director Powers. The conduct of the affairs of the Corporation shall be
managed by or under the direction of the Board. In addition to the powers and authority expressly
conferred upon them by statute or by this Restated Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws of the
Corporation, the directors are hereby empowered to exercise all such powers and do all such acts
and things as may be exercised or done by the Corporation.

2. Number of Directors. Subject to the rights of the holders of any series of
Preferred Stock to elect additional directors under specified circumstances, the number of
directors shall be fixed from time to time exclusively by resolution adopted by a majority of the
Whole Board.

3. Classified Board. Subject to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred
Stock to elect additional directors under specified circumstances, the directors shall be divided,
with respect to the time for which they severally hold office, into three classes designated as
Class I, Class II and Class III, respectively (the “Classified Board’). The Board may assign
members of the Board already in office to the Classified Board, which assignments shall become
effective at the same time the Classified Board becomes effective. Directors shall be assigned to
each class in accordance with a resolution or resolutions adopted by the Board, with the number
of directors in each class to be divided as nearly equal as reasonably possible. The initial term of
office of the Class I directors shall expire at the Corporation’s first annual meeting of
stockholders following the closing of the Corporation’s initial public offering pursuant to an
effective registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities
Act’), relating to the offer and sale of Common Stock to the public (the “Initial Public
Offering’), the initial term of office of the Class II directors shall expire at the Corporation’s
second annual meeting of stockholders following the closing of the Initial Public Offering and
the initial term of office of the Class III directors shall expire at the Corporation’s third annual
meeting of stockholders following the closing of the Initial Public Offering. At each annual
meeting of stockholders following the closing of the Initial Public Offering, directors elected to
succeed those directors of the class whose terms then expire shall be elected for a term of office
to expire at the third succeeding annual meeting of stockholders after their election.

4. Term and Removal. Each director shall hold office until such director’s succes-
sor is elected and qualified, or until such director’s earlier death, resignation or removal. Any
director may resign at any time upon notice to the Corporation given in writing or by any elec-
tronic transmission permitted in the Corporation’s Bylaws. Subject to the rights of the holders of
any series of Preferred Stock, no director may be removed except for cause and only by the
affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the voting power of the then-outstanding
shares of capital stock of the Corporation then entitled to vote at an election of directors voting
together as a single class. No decrease in the authorized number of directors constituting the
Board shall shorten the term of any incumbent director.

5. Board Vacancies. Subject to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred
Stock, any vacancy occurring in the Board for any cause, and any newly created directorship
resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors, shall, unless (a) the Board
determines by resolution that any such vacancies or newly created directorships shall be filled by
the stockholders or (b) as otherwise provided by law, be filled only by the affirmative vote of a
majority of the directors then in office, although less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining
director, and not by the stockholders. Any director elected in accordance with the preceding
sentence shall hold office for a term expiring at the annual meeting of stockholders at which the
term of office of the class to which the director has been assigned expires or until such director's
successor shall have been duly elected and qualified, or until such director’s earlier death,
resignation or removal.

6. Vote by Ballot. Election of directors need not be by written ballot unless the
Bylaws of the Corporation shall so provide.

ARTICLE VII: DIRECTOR LIABILITY

1. Limitation of Liability. To the fullest extent permitted by law, no director of the
Corporation shall be personally liable for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a
director. Without limiting the effect of the preceding sentence, if the Delaware General Corpo-
ration Law is hereafter amended to authorize the further elimination or limitation of the liability
of a director, then the liability of a director of the Corporation shall be eliminated or limited to
the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law, as so amended.

2. Change in Rights. Neither any amendment nor repeal of this Article VII, nor the
adoption of any provision of this Restated Certificate of Incorporation inconsistent with this
Article VI, shall eliminate, reduce or otherwise adversely affect any limitation on the personal
liability of a director of the Corporation existing at the time of such amendment, repeal or
adoption of such an inconsistent provision.

ARTICLE VIII: MATTERS RELATING TO STOCKHOLDERS

1. No Action by Written Consent of Stockholders. Subject to the rights of any
series of Preferred Stock, no action shall be taken by the stockholders of the Corporation except
at a duly called annual or special meeting of stockholders and no action shall be taken by the
stockholders by written consent.

2. Special Meeting of Stockholders. Special meetings of the stockholders of the
Corporation may be called only by the Chairperson of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the
President, or the Board acting pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the Whole Board.

3. Advance Notice of Stockholder Nominations and Business Transacted at Spe-
cial Meetings. Advance notice of stockholder nominations for the election of directors of the
Corporation and of business to be brought by stockholders before any meeting of stockholders of
the Corporation shall be given in the manner provided in the Bylaws of the Corporation.
Business transacted at special meetings of stockholders shall be confined to the purpose or
purposes stated in the notice of meeting.

ARTICLE IX: CHOICE OF FORUM

Unless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the
Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware shall be the sole and exclusive forum for (a) any
derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Corporation; (b) any action asserting a
claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or other employee of the
Corporation to the Corporation or the Corporation’s stockholders; (c) any action asserting a claim
against the Corporation arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation
Law, this Restated Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws; (d) any action to interpret, apply,
enforce or determine the validity of this Restated Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws; or
(e) any action asserting a claim against the Corporation governed by the internal affairs doctrine.

Unless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the
federal district courts of the United States of America shall be the exclusive forum for the
resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act.

Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of capital
stock of the Corporation shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the
provisions of this Article IX.

ARTICLE X: AMENDMENT OF RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF
INCORPORATION

If any provision of this Restated Certificate of Incorporation becomes or is declared on
any ground by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, unenforceable or void, portions of
such provision, or such provision in its entirety, to the extent necessary, shall be severed from
this Restated Certificate of Incorporation, and the court will replace such illegal, void or
unenforceable provision of this Restated Certificate of Incorporation with a valid and enforceable
provision that most accurately reflects the Corporation’s intent, in order to achieve, to the
maximum extent possible, the same economic, business and other purposes of the illegal, void or
unenforceable provision. The balance of this Restated Certificate of Incorporation shall be
enforceable in accordance with its terms.

The Corporation reserves the right to amend or repeal any provision contained in this
Restated Certificate of Incorporation in the manner prescribed by the laws of the State of
Delaware and all rights conferred upon stockholders are granted subject to this reservation;
provided, however, that, notwithstanding any other provision of this Restated Certificate of
Incorporation or any provision of law that might otherwise permit a lesser vote or no vote, but in
addition to any vote of the holders of any class or series of the stock of the Corporation required
by law or by this Restated Certificate of Incorporation, the affirmative vote of the holders of at
least two-thirds of the voting power of all of the then-outstanding shares of the capital stock of
the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single
class, shall be required to amend or repeal any provision of this Restated Certificate of
Incorporation; provided, further, that if two-thirds of the Whole Board has approved such
amendment or repeal of any provisions of this Restated Certificate of Incorporation, then only the
affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the voting power of all of the then-
outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of

directors, voting together as a single class, shall be required to amend or repeal such provisions
of this Restated Certificate of Incorporation.