STATE OF DELAWARE
CERTIFICATE OF CONVERSION
FROM A LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY
TO A CORPORATION
PURSUANT TO
SECTIONS 103 AND 265
OF THE DELAWARE GENERAL CORPORATION LAW
AND
SECTION 18-216
OF THE DELAWARE LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY ACT

1. The name of the limited liability company immediately prior to filing this Certificate is
GLAMSQUAD LLC (the “Company”).

nN

The date the Company’s Certificate of Formation was filed in the State of Delaware is
January 9, 2013.

The name of the corporation as set forth in the Delaware Certificate of Incorporation is
GlamSquad, Inc.

ve

4. This conversion shall be effective upon the filing of the certificate of conversion.

5. The conversion has been approved in accordance with the provisions of Section 18-216
of the Delaware Limited Liability Act and the provisions of Sections 103 and 265 of the
Delaware General Corporation Law.

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOws]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned authorized person has executed this Certificate of
Conversion as of June 13, 2013.

GLAMSQUAD LLC
By: /s/ Victoria R. Eisner

Victoria R. Eisner
Member

By: /s/ Jason 1. Perri
Jason 1. Perri
Member

State of Delaware
Secretary of State
Division tions
Delivered 05:54 06/14/2013
FILED 05:46 PM 06/14/2013
SRV 130779602 5272433 KiiR

CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
OF

GLAMSQUAD, INC.

ARTICLE I
The name of this corporation is GlamSquad, Inc. (the “Corporation”).

ARTICLE II

The registered agent and the address of the registered office in the State of Delaware are:

United Corporate Services, Inc.
874 Walker Road, Suite C
Dover, County of Kent
Delaware 19904

ARTICLE III

The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a
corporation may be organized under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware.

ARTICLE IV

A. The Corporation is authorized to issue one class of stock to be designated
Common Stock (“Common Stock”). The total number of shares of Common Stock this
Corporation shall have authority to issue is Ten Million (10,000,000). The Common Stock shall
have a par value of $0.0001 per share.

ARTICLE V

The Board of Directors is authorized to adopt, amend or repeal the Bylaws of the
Corporation. Election of directors need not be by ballot.

ARTICLE VI
The name and mailing address of the incorporator is:

Stephane Levy, Esq.
Cooley LLP
The Grace Building
1114 Avenue of the Americas
New York, NY 10036

ARTICLE VII

The Corporation reserves the right to adopt, repeal, rescind or amend in any respect any
provisions contained in this Certificate of Incorporation in the manner now or hereafter
prescribed by applicable law, and all rights conferred on stockholders herein are granted subject
to this reservation.

ARTICLE VIII

To the fullest extent permitted by the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware,
as the same exists or as may hereafter be amended, a director of the Corporation shall not be
personally liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of his
fiduciary duty as a director.

(a) Right to Indemnification. Each person who was or is made a party or is
threatened to be made a party to or is otherwise involved in any action, suit or proceeding,
whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (hereinafter a “proceeding”), by reason of
the fact that he or she is or was a director, officer of the Corporation or is or was serving at the
request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation or of a
partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, including service with respect to an employee
benefit plan (hereinafter an “indemnitee”), whether the basis of such proceeding is alleged action
in an official capacity as a director, officer, employee or agent or in any other capacity while
serving as a director, officer, employee or agent, shall be indemnified and held harmless by the
Corporation to the fullest extent authorized by the General Corporation Law of the State of
Delaware, as the same exists or may hereafter be amended (but, in the case of any such
amendment, only to the extent that such amendment permits the Corporation to provide broader
indemnification rights than permitted prior thereto), against all expense, liability and loss
(including attorneys’ fees, judgments, fines, ERISA excise taxes or penalties and amounts paid in
settlement) reasonably incurred or suffered by such indemnitee in connection therewith and such
indemnification shall continue as to an indemnitee who has ceased to be a director, officer,
employee or agent and shall inure to the benefit of the indemnitee’s heirs, executors and
administrators; provided, however, that, except as provided in paragraph (c) hereof with respect
to proceedings to enforce rights to indemnification, the Corporation shall indemnify any such
indemnitee in connection with a proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such indemnitee only if
such proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized by the board of directors of the Corporation.

(b) Right to Advancement of Expenses. The right to indemnification conferred in
paragraph (a) of this Section shall include the right to be paid by the Corporation the expenses
incurred in defending any proceeding for which such right to indemnification is applicable in
advance of its final disposition (hereinafter an “advancement of expenses”); provided, however,
that, if the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware requires, an advancement of
expenses incurred by an indemnitee in his or her capacity as a director or officer (and not in any
other capacity in which service was or is rendered by such indemnitee, including, without
limitation, service to an employee benefit plan) shall be made only upon delivery to the
Corporation of an undertaking (hereinafter an “undertaking”), by or on behalf of such
indemnitee, to repay all amounts so advanced if it shall ultimately be determined by final judicial

decision from which there is no further right to appeal (hereinafter a “final adjudication”) that
such indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified for such expenses under this Section or
otherwise.

(c) Right of Indemnitee to Bring Suit. The rights to indemnification and to the
advancement of expenses conferred in paragraphs (a) and (b) of this Section shall be contract
rights. If a claim under paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section is not paid in full by the Corporation
within sixty (60) days after a written claim has been received by the Corporation, except in the
case of a claim for an advancement of expenses, in which case the applicable period shall be
twenty (20) days, the indemnitee may at any time thereafter bring suit against the Corporation to
recover the unpaid amount of the claim. If successful in whole or in part in any such suit, or in a
suit brought by the Corporation to recover an advancement of expenses pursuant to the terms of
an undertaking, the indemnitee shall be entitled to be paid also the expense of prosecuting or
defending such suit. In (i) any suit brought by the indemnitee to enforce a right to indemnifica-
tion hereunder (but not in a suit brought by the indemnitee to enforce a right to an advancement
of expenses) it shall be a defense that, and (ii) in any suit by the Corporation to recover an
advancement of expenses pursuant to the terms of an undertaking, the Corporation shall be
entitled to recover such expenses upon a final adjudication that, the indemnitee has not met any
applicable standard for indemnification set forth in the General Corporation Law of the State of
Delaware. Neither the failure of the Corporation (including its board of directors, independent
legal counsel, or its stockholders) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of
such suit that indemnification of the indemnitee is proper in the circumstances because the
indemnitee has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in the General Corporation Law
of the State of Delaware, nor an actual determination by the Corporation (including its board of
directors, independent legal counsel, or its stockholders) that the indemnitee has not met such
applicable standard of conduct, shall create a presumption that the indemnitee has not met the
applicable standard of conduct or, in the case of such a suit brought by the indemnitee, be a
defense to such suit. In any suit brought by the indemnitee to enforce a right to indemnification
or to an advancement of expenses hereunder, or by the Corporation to recover an advancement of
expenses pursuant to the terms of an undertaking, the burden of proving that the indemnitee is
not entitled to be indemnified, or to such advancement of expenses, under this Section or
otherwise shall be on the Corporation.

(d) Non-Exclusivity of Rights. The rights to indemnification and to the advancement
of expenses conferred in this Section shall not be exclusive of any other right which any person
may have or hereafter acquire under any statute, the Corporation’s certificate of incorporation,
bylaw, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise.

(e) Insurance. The Corporation may maintain insurance, at its expense, to protect
itself and any director, officer. employee or agent of the Corporation or another corporation,
partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any expense, liability or loss, whether
or not the Corporation would have the power to indemnify such person against such expense,
liability or loss under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware.

(f) Indemnification of Employees and Agents of the Corporation. The Corporation
may, to the extent authorized from time to time by the board of directors, grant rights to
indemnification, and to the advancement of expenses to any employee or agent of the
Corporation to the fullest extent of the provisions of this Section with respect to the
indemnification and advancement of expenses of directors and officers of the Corporation.

(g) Amendment. Neither any amendment nor repeal of this Article VIII, nor the
adoption of any provision of the Corporation's Certificate of Incorporation inconsistent with this
Article VIII, shall eliminate or reduce the effect of this Article VIII in respect of any matter
occurring, or action or proceeding accruing or arising or that, but for this Article VIII, would
accrue or arise, prior to such amendment, repeal or adoption of an inconsistent provision.

If the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware hereafter is amended to further
eliminate or limit the liability of directors, then the liability of a director of the Corporation, in
addition to the limitation on personal liability provided herein, shall be limited to the fullest
extent permitted by the amended General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. Any repeal
or modification of this paragraph by the stockholders of the Corporation shall be prospective
only, and shall not adversely affect any limitation on the personal liability of a director of the
Corporation existing at the time of such repeal or modification.

* * *

I, THE UNDERSIGNED, being the incorporator herein before named, for the purpose of
forming a corporation pursuant to the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, do
make this certificate, hereby declaring and certifying that this is my act and deed and the facts
herein stated are true, and accordingly have hereunto set my hand this 13th day of June, 2013.

/s/ Stephane Levy

Stephane Levy, Esq.
Incorporator